he helps that we came out here and had
as many goals we did it give guys it
didn't have goals come into this game a
little bit sense of confidence and to be
able to score that many goals definitely
help us out towards the next couple of
games we have that confidence and we'll
be able to go into the next couple of
games knowing that we can do we talked
about in locker going the third we had
to keep our game up to not get into any
bad habits going just going to carry
over into the next game so we try to go
out there and they're employed in fact I
mean it's nice we have a sarnia
chemistry from sarnia so it was nice to
get that gold he was a thing in my mind
was riding the whole game so get that
goal was a kindly exciting for me we
played well the first period and to get
up that many goals I think it was just
the rest of the game is not getting any
bad habits into our game plan I mean
audience difficult playing against when
you're playing five enough and you don't
want any bad habits creep into any
players game so but I think we did a
real good job just keeping our keeping
our game I knew I can playing the right
way that maybe some of those lucky
bounces specifically with i think it was
Riley's gold it it just you whack at it
and it ends up in the net is that maybe
a sense that maybe some of the lucky
bounces are going to come start coming
your way yeah I mean we didn't have too
many at all in the money night excluding
germany's game against russia and canada
so i think it's a good sign that those
those are going in today and hopefully
it will keep going in the matter on a
lot of guys that hadn't been scoring
scored so that's a good thing for our
team and we look forward to getting to
the quarters I think I fire penalty
killing it was extremely good at hint
tonight and
you know I think discipline again is
going to be one area you know we try to
keep our sticks down and sometimes the
calls are not going our way and I don't
think we've had a five-on-three
ourselves in this tournament but our
guys keep fighting and do a good job
also I thought chocha cat and in
boudreau on the power play we're
clicking tonight tonight and that that's
good to see for us